# ApiImpalaQuery

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QueryId** | **string** | The query id. | [optional] [default to null]
**Statement** | **string** | The SQL statement for the query. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueryType** | **string** | The query type. The possible values are: DML, DDL, QUERY and UNKNOWN. See the Impala documentation for more details. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueryState** | **string** | The query state. The possible values are: CREATED, INITIALIZED, COMPILED, RUNNING, FINISHED, EXCEPTION, and UNKNOWN. See the Impala documentation for more details. | [optional] [default to null]
**StartTime** | **string** | The time the query was issued. | [optional] [default to null]
**EndTime** | **string** | The time the query finished. If the query hasn&#39;t finished then this will return null. | [optional] [default to null]
**RowsProduced** | **float32** | The number of rows produced by the query. If the query hasn&#39;t completed this will return null. | [optional] [default to null]
**Attributes** | **map[string]string** | A map of additional query attributes which is generated by Cloudera Manager. | [optional] [default to null]
**User** | **string** | The user who issued this query. | [optional] [default to null]
**Coordinator** | [***ApiHostRef**](ApiHostRef.md) | The host of the Impala Daemon coordinating the query | [optional] [default to null]
**DetailsAvailable** | **bool** | Whether we have a detailed runtime profile available for the query. This profile is available at the endpoint /queries/{QUERY_ID}. | [optional] [default to null]
**Database** | **string** | The database on which this query was issued. | [optional] [default to null]
**DurationMillis** | **float32** | The duration of the query in milliseconds. If the query hasn&#39;t completed then this will return null. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


